So what can be improved about this page?
There are a couple of things, for example here,
I'm using vendor prefixes.
Nothing wrong with that but I use them again a little bit further down, here.
It would be nice if we could outsource something like this, if we could put this into some reusable code
that we could just insert here and which then would be compiled to
the code we wrote here.
Additionally, we got some nesting going on, here for the documentation links, we got a couple of nested
selectors and of course there's nothing wrong with this either but writing it like this is not as easy
to see as if we could write it at something like this, documentation
link inside here.
Now this is not supported in CSS but SASS will support it as you learned and this will of course be easier.
The color code, this is something else.
We use the same color code a couple of times on this page here as you can see and obviously, this also
is OK
but if we ever decide to change the color, we have to change it everywhere manually,
so it would be nice if we could reuse that too
and these are just some of the things. We will dive into some SASS features in this module and you will
see how we can shorten this code and make it easier to maintain.
Now with that, it's time to write our first SASS code and we'll do just that in the next lecture.